so on the dockets excited you'll see his
nose down or Cooper's more about winter
so he'll get his nose up and do this and
then get his head down in his tail we'll
go cleitus Clyde's much more about a
brush hunter so when his experience is
socialism and that's oftentimes midday
in the winter time you'll find them in
that Slough heavy cover cattails you
just walk on the ice you know today is
real kind of throw line a little zigzags
okay you know you'll have a pretty clear
field of fire about like this for you
choose or he'll put you know four or
five shells whatever you're chocking on
hold on go get online over work that way
and just carry the shopping sort of
naturally not gonna clear your mind like
that or my left hand you know down or
offer whatever is kind of more
comfortable for you you know you'll see
other guys put you guys cut in the
middle with the dogs and then they'll
have guys out on the end you know so
little yeah love will control multiple
people local control watch that barrel
in
back
you guys shot the spirit was amazing
that was all right well you get the
honorary fearing that one nice shot
graduations okay all right so one by one
I'm just going to go right down the line
and just give me your immediate like off
the top of your head reaction mynaa how
was your hunt today I am so excited I
can't wait to go again soon yeah what do
you think a it was totally awesome on
that bird drop it was just like the
adrenaline just one right through the
ceiling that's awesome yeah sorry it was
really a lot of fun and I'm so glad I
came and I can't wait to go again I
enjoyed it more than I could possibly
imagine it was just fabulous being out
here and watching the birds get up and
the dogs were good times okay give me a
final rooster toast lead in and show me
the roosters we're wild body outdoors